Initial seed of newly focused tool (#23)
redhat-partner-solutions/vse-sync-testsuite: README.md

# synchronization-testsuites

> The purpose of this project is to make a single repository for tools to collect data from a running OpenShift cluster, this data will then be given to analysis tools to determin if the cluter is running within acceptable bounds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main purpose of this repo is build the necessary tooling to collect necessary synchronization-related data logs from a running OpenShift cluster. This data will then be leveraged by different analysis tools to determine if the cluster is running within acceptable bounds synchronization-wise.```
